[MKC-1763] - Update "Arduino Web editor" (#2132)
arduino/docs-content: content/learn/01.starting-guide/03.the-arduino-web-editor/arduino-web-editor.md

---
title: 'Using the Arduino Cloud Editor'
description: 'The Arduino Cloud Editor allows you to write code and upload sketches to any official Arduino board from your web browser.'
author: 'Liam Aljundi'
tags: [Cloud Editor, Online Coding]
---

The Arduino Cloud Editor allows you to write code and upload sketches to any official Arduino board directly from your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Edge). However, we recommend you use Google Chrome. 

> This IDE (Integrated Development Environment) is part of [Arduino Create](https://create.arduino.cc/), an online platform that enables developers to write code, access tutorials, configure boards, and share projects. Designed to provide users with a continuous workflow, Arduino Create connects the dots between each part of a developer's journey from inspiration to implementation. Meaning, you now have the ability to manage every aspect of your project right from a single dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This IDE (Integrated Development Environment) is part of [Arduino Cloud](https://app.arduino.cc/), an online platform that enables developers to write code, access tutorials, configure boards, and share projects. Designed to provide users with a continuous workflow, Arduino Cloud connects the dots between each part of a developer's journey from inspiration to implementation. Meaning, you now have the ability to manage every aspect of your project right from a single dashboard.
```
